[fix] duplicate attributes being applied wrapper + block element (#2920)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/nasty-lies-beam.md

---
'@builder.io/sdk-react-nextjs': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-qwik': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-react': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-react-native': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-solid': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-svelte': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-vue': patch
---

> fix duplicate attributes getting applied to inner element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: duplicate attributes getting applied to both the block and its wrapper element.
```
